Points that I've like after reading the pdf.. 

1) After, reading the pdf.. I want to be in a place I've give salary to the employees instead of I've taking as an employee.. I've don't want to be in a state
where I've feel hurry when I get a call from my lead or manager.. to make this happen we need to be independent(Enterprenuer).. where I've get freedom of work
so, that I can balance my personal and professional life.. 

2) I've thought I will get rich when I've get hike in the end of the year.. now, I've realised getting hike nothing like moving from one place to another 
place in the same quadrant.. To be rich we have to move to a new address not new place in the same quadrant..

3) For becoming an entrepreneur, no need to raise the capital because it's already done.. we just have to build the business.. to raise capital we need three 
kinds of people.. they've are customers, investors and employees.. all we need to do is build a business with these three categories of people.. 

4) To be an entrepreneur it takes courage to discover, develop and donate your genius to the world.. the example that we have seen of.. the girl became tired
of being a flight attendant and the brilliant hairstylist.. due to lack of courage hairstylist failed to put a business on his own.. but, that girl who have 
no experience.. but, she has good courage she started a good business with 'n' number of brilliant hairstylists.. finall, she became successful.. 

5) If were an investor.. assume we Invested our money in real estate.. we pay money for employees, for building materials and for all the needful things
which were required.. let's we there is a huge loss in the business.. everyone get paid except we(investor).. there might be a chance of getting loss as 
an investor.. But, we were a entrepreneur there is no need to put capital or raise the capital all we need to do just raise the business.. at the end we will 
definetely get benifited.. 

6) yes, putting a horse farmer behind the wheel of a maserati doesn't make him a racing car driver.. all if needs is the mindset.. only mindset.. if you 
want to be a entrepreneur you have to start like an entrepreneur not like a employee for safety of job.
